hello and welcome to this kind of
primax in this part we will learn
how to install the virrey render engine
for trimax 2012
I already have the program
open remember that to verify if
we have the render engine installed to
hunosa rendering
let's hope it opens very well here
we have the window we verify the engine
of current render in the saint render
we verify that they have metal production
ray we enter here and verify the
other options
it is here where we need to have the viceroy
installed
in this case, do not have it installed
then it is the objective of the class
have it within these options then
let's give it ok and we close this already
we verify that we do not have it
at present
and it is necessary to close the program to
that allows us to install the I'm going to
close
climax
now here on the desk I have the folder
of installation of viceroys for theory
max 2012 let's open it shows us 32
and 64 depending on the operating system
that they use so we are going to use the version
adequate in my case I have 64 bits
I'm going to open 64 bits
and I double click on this icon
installation
very well the installation begins let's
verify that in the first window
we have
the start of installation we are going to give
next
here is the contract there is water
again as workstation we are going to
install
we verify the routes that are directed to
climax 2012 the version that we have
installed
then everything is automatically
correct next
we leave this option
perhaps we deactivated it when installing web
next next
the installation begins
we wait for it to finish
at this moment they are adding all
the plugins to tracy max
remember that it is not a separate program
it is installed within three max
and we do not have to open any any
another program
then since trimax has been added
monex
here is going to open an information file
of installation and how it was installed
then we will remove them so as not to see
those files
phoenix
and ready at this time is installed
the program but it's not activated let's
to go to the folder called crack and
we found the activation files
I select
I'm going to copy these two files and I'm going
to the team on the ce disk where you have
installed the program files of
autodesk program
create max 2012
and here I'm going to paste these files
he asks me if I want to replace in vigo
yes
now I have a file in the folder
plugins I'm going to copy
and I'm going to paste it here on this same route
in the plugins folder
we stick
we replace
I can very well close now let's
open the program and let's verify
that if we have installed the viceroy for
trimax
we hope they charge
very well opened the program we go equal to
rendering
let's go now
third
we go down to federer
remember that we have here in production
the option to choose and verify that
now we have vibe advanced 2.0 what
we select
automatically change the entire window
of render options
and these are all the options of
virrey check the other tabs if
all the options appear mean
which is active
otherwise we would see a
text nothing more than not active
and we verify the version that is
version 2.0 viceroy very well that has been
everything in this tutorial we have already learned
to install and activate the viceroy see you
in the next class